In the last lecture we changed the theming of the app an important step to get the final result.
When it comes to the Weasel part of it too.
Now I want to have a look at the content of our application and to start with the content of Yep.
And I want to start with this shopping list page before we then come to the more complex part of editing
our recipes the shopping lists page if you recall how it looked like is a relatively simple page.
All we have on it is this form at the top with two input fields for name and amount.
And then this add button.
And well if we do add the item you see it here on the very last view and the bottom right.
We actually see those buttons pull loads for them and we can tap them to remove them.
So what we will need for days is some service to store our shopping list our list of items and to also
have methods which allow us to add or delete items and we also need to set up his form of course.
Now we will set up the form together because that's something we haven't done yet.
The service is something you can then try creating on your own.
But again let's start with the form in the next lectures